RHDEVDOCS-6872: Content creation for Argo CD Agent install (#101499)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-argocd-agent-install-principal-component.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * argocd-agent-installation/gitops-argocd-agent-install-principal-component.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-argocd-agent-install-principal-component_{context}"]
= Installing the Principal component

> You can install the Principal component on the hub cluster by using the Argo CD custom resource (CR) to manage communication with connected Agent components. Deploy the Principal component on the hub cluster to create the required secrets and then deploy the Principal component on the hub cluster.

Author: I have added the link in the additional resources section @jparsai and @jgwest. Please confirm if that is fine or I should add this link instead.

> You can install the Principal component on the hub cluster by using the Argo CD custom resource (CR) to manage communication with connected Agent components. Deploy the Principal component on the hub cluster, provide details of principal resources to create required secrets, and then restart the Principal component.

Reviewer: If you make this a little bit shorter, it can apply as a short description and then you don't have to add one (it is currently 317 characters and the limit for short description is 300). You could also divide the two sentences into two parahraphs,  I "think" that would work as well.

.Procedure

. Deploy the Argo CD instance with the Principal component enabled.
The following example shows the configuration for enabling the Principal component in the Argo CD CR:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1beta1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:

>   name: <INSTANCE_NAME>

Author: I am still a little confused about the actual change required here, @jparsai @jgwest. Can you please elaborate guys?

  name: openshift-gitops 
spec:
  # Disable the main controller on the hub
  controller:
    enabled: false

  # Argo CD Agent configuration
  argoCDAgent:
    # Enable the Principal component
    principal:
      enabled: true

      # Authentication method: mTLS with certificate CN extraction
      auth: "mtls:CN=([^,]+)"
      logLevel: "info"

      # Namespace management configuration
      namespace:
        allowedNamespaces:
          - "*"

      # TLS configuration for secure communication
      tls:
        insecureGenerate: false   

      # JWT configuration for token-based authentication
      jwt:

>         insecureGenerate: false

Reviewer: Is there a reason to have blank lines between the paramaters other than visual differenciation? Because I have not seen this done elsewhere. I would concider removing the blank lines

>         insecureGenerate: false

Author: Fixed.

  # Application source namespaces
  sourceNamespaces:
    - "agent-managed"

>     - "agent-autonomous"

Author: Please check the note added as per your feedback here @jparsai.

>     - "agent-autonomous"

Author: Please take a look now at the updated content @jparsai.

    - "agent-autonomous"
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> * The namespace names specified in sourceNamespaces must exactly match the corresponding Agent names. If they do not match, the Principal cannot deploy or monitor applications on the spoke cluster in managed mode, or monitor applications on the spoke cluster in autonomous mode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The namespace names specified in `sourceNamespaces` must exactly match the corresponding Agent names. If they do not match, the Principal cannot deploy or monitor applications on the spoke cluster in managed mode, or monitor applications on the spoke cluster in autonomous mode. 
```

> * The Argo CD CR must be installed as a `cluster-scoped` Argo CD instance. See the Additional Resources section for how to install a `cluster-scoped` Argo CD instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Argo CD CR must be installed as a `cluster-scoped` Argo CD instance. See the _Additional Resources_ section for how to install a `cluster-scoped` Argo CD instance.
```

====

.. Apply the Argo CD resource to the hub cluster:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f argocd.yaml -n "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"
----
+
[NOTE]
====
At this stage, Argo CD pods start successfully, but the Principal pod remains in a `Running` (not Ready) state because the required secrets have not yet been created. Secrets must be created later because some configurations, such as the principal hostname and resource proxy service names, are available only after the Operator enables the Principal component.
====

.. Verify Argo CD instance deployment. 
Check the pods in the Principal namespace by running the following command.
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc get pod -n "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"

Author: Fixed.

----
+

> As a result, the following output is displayed:

Reviewer: To simplify:
```suggestion
Example output:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                               READY  STATUS 
openshift-gitops-agent-principal-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx   0/1    Running
openshift-gitops-redis-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx             1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-repo-server-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx       1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-server-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx            1/1    Running
----

.. Verify the services created by the operator by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc get svc -n "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc get svc -n "<principal_namespace>" --context "<principal_context>"
```

Author: Fixed.

openshift-gitops-agent-principal-healthz        ClusterIP 8030/TCP
openshift-gitops-agent-principal-metrics        ClusterIP 9000/TCP
openshift-gitops-agent-principal-redisproxy     ClusterIP 6379/TCP
openshift-gitops-agent-principal-resource-proxy ClusterIP 9090/TCP
----

.. By default, the Operator creates a route for the Principal, which will be used to access Principal services. Verify the default route for the Principal component by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get route -n "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"
----
+
As a result, the following output is displayed:
+
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                               HOST/PORT
openshift-gitops-agent-principal   <HOST_NAME>
----

.. If you want to disable the route or use a `LoadBalancer` service, update the following section in the Argo CD resource:
+
[source,yaml]
----

> server:

Author: Fixed.

> $ oc get route -n "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc get route -n "<principal_namespace>" --context "<principal_context>"
```

> openshift-gitops-agent-principal   <HOST_NAME>

Reviewer: This must not be a variable anymore, since it is an output the user can actually see
```suggestion
openshift-gitops-agent-principal   example-host-name
```
OR: some more realistic example host name

----

> .. If you want to disable the route or use a `LoadBalancer` service, update the following section in the Argo CD resource:

Reviewer: Sorry if I misse dthis, but is there an explanation somewhere ahy the user would want to disable the route or use a `LoadBalancer` service? Or what the `LoadBalancer` service does?

Reviewer 2: This is done to allow users to switch between Openshift Route and LoadBalancer Service according to there requirement. By default Route is created and service is not exposed externally, but In some clusters Route API is not available and in that case a user would like expose service through LoadBalancer.

+
[source,yaml]
----
kind: ArgoCD
spec:
  # (...)
  argocdAgent:
    principal:
      server:
        service:
          type: LoadBalancer        
        route:
          enabled: false
----

. Create the required namespaces.
You must create one namespace for each Agent that you plan to connect to the Principal. The namespace names must match the Agent names. Run the following commands:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create namespace agent-managed --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"

> $ oc create namespace agent-autonomous --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc create namespace agent-managed --context "<principal_context>"
$ oc create namespace agent-autonomous --context "<principal_context>"
```

> $ oc create namespace agent-autonomous --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"

Reviewer 2: No this is not the one defined in YAML. These namespaces are representation of connected clusters/agents at hub. Any resources to be created in a workload clusters, are created in agent's corresponding namespace at hub, and then principal would pick those resources and share it with respective agent.

The explanation is provided. Do we still need definition of specific namespace?

```
You must create one namespace for each Agent that you plan to connect to the Principal. The namespace names must match the Agent names. Run the following commands:

$ oc create namespace agent-managed --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"
$ oc create namespace agent-autonomous --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"

Each Agent requires a dedicated namespace because Argo CD Agent architecture uses a *namespace-to-agent* mapping model.  
For managed Agents, the Principal sends applications only to those created in the corresponding Agent namespace on the hub cluster. Similarly, for autonomous Agents, applications are created in the respective Agent namespace at the hub.
```

> $ oc create namespace agent-autonomous --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"

Author: Fixed. I think no further action is required here as per @jparsai's explanation.

----
+
Each Agent requires a dedicated namespace because Argo CD Agent architecture uses a *namespace-to-agent* mapping model.  

> For managed Agents, the Principal sends applications only to those created in the corresponding Agent namespace on the hub cluster. Similarly, for autonomous Agents, applications are created in the respective Agent namespace at the hub.

Reviewer: I would maybe put this info in a note? Just a stylistic choice.

. Create Required Secrets.
The principal component uses a Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) to secure all communications.
+
[NOTE]
====
The CLI-generated PKI is intended for development and testing purposes only. For production environments, use certificates issued by your organization's PKI or a trusted certificate authority.
====

.. Initialize the PKI

... To initialize the Certificate Authority (CA) that signs other certificates, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ argocd-agentctl pki init \
     --principal-namespace "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" \

>      --principal-context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"

Reviewer 3: Indentation for this command, but not the others

> If you modify the `AppProject`, restart the Argo CD pods to apply the changes.

Reviewer: Should this may be a substep? Since we are allowed to have one action per step, and here we already have a verification of namespaces as action one.

----
+
where:

> `<f>`:: Overwrites the existing CA if one already exists.

Author: removed from the content, fixed...

> . Create Required Secrets.

Reviewer: Why is this capitalised?
```suggestion
. Create required secrets.
```

> `<principal-namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace where the Principal component is installed.

Reviewer 2: since we already mentioned about principal-namespace, principal-context, is explanation of these fields  still required here?

Author: @jgwest, WDYT?

Reviewer 3: Yes that's fine

> The principal component uses a Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) to secure all communications.

Author: Fixed.

> ... To initialize the Certificate Authority (CA) that signs other certificates, run the following command:

Author: Fixed.

+
This command generates a self-signed CA certificate and private key, and creates the `argocd-agent-ca` secret that contains the CA credentials. The CA is valid for signing certificates and includes a default expiration period.

... To generate the server certificate for the Principal's gRPC service, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ argocd-agentctl pki issue principal

Author: Fixed.

where:

`<principal-namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace where the Principal component is installed.

> `<principal-context>`:: Specifies the context of the Principal component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<principal_namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace where the Principal component is installed.
`<principal_context>`:: Specifies the context of the Principal component.
```

`<dns>`:: Specifies the comma-separated list of DNS names for the Principal service.
`<u>`, `<upsert>`:: Updates the existing certificate if one already exists.
`<principal-namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace where the Principal component is installed.
`<principal-context>`:: Specifies the context of the Principal component.
+
This command issues a TLS certificate for the Principal to enable secure gRPC communication between the Principal and Agent components. It also creates the `argocd-agent-principal-tls` secret that contains the generated certificate and key.

... The resource proxy enables Argo CD to access live resources on remote clusters through the Principal component. It requires its own certificate for mutual TLS (mTLS) authentication. To generate the server certificate for the resource proxy service, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ argocd-agentctl pki issue resource-proxy
--principal-namespace "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>"
--principal-context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"
--dns "<RESOURCE_PROXY_DNS>"
----
+
where:

`<ip>`:: Specifies the comma-separated list of IP addresses for the resource proxy that are reachable by the Argo CD API server.

> `<dns>`:: Specifies the DNS name for the Principal service.

Reviewer 3: From Jayendra's doc, additional context for what value to place in dns:
> --dns: Service name for resource proxy in hub cluster (ex: openshift-gitops-agent-principal-resource-proxy). Argo CD uses this to connect with resource-proxy. Since both Argo CD and the resource-proxy are in the same cluster, Argo CD can connect using the service name itself.

Reviewer 2: +1 Jonathan, 
Dhruv please replace "openshift-gitops-agent-principal-resource-proxy" with "(ArgoCD instance name)-agent-principal-resource-proxy" in description given in my doc.

> `<dns>`:: Specifies the DNS name for the Principal service.

Author: Please check the updated content and confirm if the changes are fine @jparsai.

... The resource proxy enables Argo CD to access live resources on remote clusters through the Principal component. It requires its own certificate for mutual TLS (mTLS) authentication. To generate the server certificate for the resource proxy service, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ argocd-agentctl pki issue resource-proxy \
    --principal-namespace "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" \
    --principal-context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>" \
    --dns "<RESOURCE_PROXY_DNS>"
----
+
where:

`<principal-namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace where the Principal component is installed.
`<principal-context>`:: Specifies the context of the Principal component.
`<dns>`:: Specifies the service name for the `resource-proxy` in the hub cluster, for example, `<ArgoCD instance name>-agent-principal-resource-proxy`. Argo CD uses this service to connect to the `resource-proxy`. Because the Argo CD and the `resource-proxy` run in the same cluster, Argo CD can connect using the service name directly.
+
**Additional options:**
`<ip>`:: Specifies the comma-separated list of IP addresses for the resource proxy that are reachable by the Argo CD API server.

> `<u>`, `<upsert>`:: Updates the existing certificate if one already exists.

Reviewer: Same comment here about the format of additional options

`<principal-context>`:: Specifies the context of the Principal component.
+
This command generates a 4096-bit RSA private key in the `PKCS#8 PEM` format and stores it in the `argocd-agent-jwt` secret.

... After you generate all required certificates and keys, verify that the corresponding secrets are created in the Principal namespace by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get secrets -n "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>" | grep agent
----
+
As a result, the following output is displayed:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> NAME TYPE

Reviewer 2: It can have more space between name and type of secret

> ... You can create the JSON Web Token (JWT) signing key that the Principal component uses to sign authentication tokens. To generate the RSA private key, run the following command:

Reviewer: Similarly to the previous point about the procedure steps and information needed within them. I will not comment this everywhere, just here and the previous step, to give two examples oof what I meant. But this applies to all steps here
```suggestion
... Generate the RSA private key by running the following command:
```

>     --principal-context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"

Reviewer: lowercase values

+
**Additional options:**
`<u>`, `<upsert>`:: Updates the existing JWT key if one already exists.
+
This command generates a 4096-bit RSA private key in the `PKCS#8 PEM` format and stores it in the `argocd-agent-jwt` secret.

> ... After you generate all required certificates and keys, verify that the corresponding secrets are created in the Principal namespace by running the following command:

Reviewer: the "after" is implied by default, since this is the next step
```suggestion
... Verify that the corresponding secrets are created in the Principal namespace by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get pod -n "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"
----
+
As a result, the following output is displayed:
+
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                               READY  STATUS 
openshift-gitops-agent-principal-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx   1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-redis-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx             1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-repo-server-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx       1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-server-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx            1/1    Running
----

> . The {gitops-title} Operator supports the deployment of the Principal component after the required secrets are created. After the required secrets are created, verify that the Principal component is enabled by running the following command.

Author: Fixed.

> As a result, the following output is displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example output:
```

> ... Run the following command to verify that the principal component is now successfully started.

Reviewer: To be consistent with the rest:
```suggestion
... Verify that the principal component is now successfully started by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get pod -n "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"
----
+
As a result, the following output is displayed:
+
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                               READY  STATUS 
openshift-gitops-agent-principal-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx   1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-redis-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx             1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-repo-server-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx       1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-server-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx            1/1    Running
----

> .. Check the pods in the Principal namespace by running the following command:

Author: Fixed.

> As a result, the following output is displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example output:
```

> ... Check the pod logs in the Principal namespace by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... Verify the pod logs in the Principal namespace by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc logs "<PRINCIPAL_POD>" -n "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"
----
+
As a result, the following messages are displayed in the pod logs.
+
[source,terminal]
----
level=info msg="Starting metrics server on http://0.0.0.0:8000/metrics"
level=info msg="Redis proxy started on 0.0.0.0:6379"
level=info msg="Resource proxy started"
level=info msg="Namespace informer synced and ready"
level=info msg="Starting healthz server on :8003"
----

.Verification

> Ensure that all Principal pods show a `Running` status and that the corresponding services and route are created. The Principal component is now ready to communicate securely with the Agent components on workload clusters. For more information on metrics exposed by the Principal component, see link:https://argocd-agent.readthedocs.io/latest/operations/metrics/#principal-metrics[Principal metrics, Argo CD upstream documentation].

Reviewer: how is this different from the previous verification steps? Why not having those as verification, and explain what the user should verify there?

.Procedure

. Deploy the Argo CD instance with the Principal component enabled.
The following example shows the configuration for enabling the Principal component in the Argo CD CR:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1beta1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: openshift-gitops 
   # Name of the instance
spec:
  # Disable the main controller on the hub
  controller:
    enabled: false

  # Argo CD Agent configuration
  argoCDAgent:
    # Enable the Principal component
    principal:
      enabled: true

      # Authentication method: mTLS with certificate CN extraction
      auth: "mtls:CN=([^,]+)"
      logLevel: "info"

      # Namespace management configuration
      namespace:
        allowedNamespaces:
          - "*"

      # TLS configuration for secure communication
      tls:
        insecureGenerate: false   

      # JWT configuration for token-based authentication
      jwt:
        insecureGenerate: false

  # Application source namespaces
  sourceNamespaces:
    - "agent-managed"
    - "agent-autonomous"
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> The namespace names specified in sourceNamespaces must exactly match the corresponding Agent names. If they do not match, the Principal cannot deploy or monitor applications on the spoke cluster in managed mode, or monitor applications on the spoke cluster in autonomous mode. 

Reviewer 3: JGW-TODO: agent name

openshift-gitops-agent-principal-redisproxy     ClusterIP 6379/TCP
openshift-gitops-agent-principal-resource-proxy ClusterIP 9090/TCP
----

.. By default, the Operator creates a route for the Principal, which will be used to access Principal services. Verify the default route for the Principal component by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get route -n "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"
----
+
As a result, the following output is displayed:
+
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                               HOST/PORT
openshift-gitops-agent-principal   <HOST_NAME>
----

.. If you want to disable the route or use a `LoadBalancer` service, update the following section in the Argo CD resource:
+
[source,yaml]
----
kind: ArgoCD
spec:
  # (...)
  argocdAgent:
    principal:
      server:
        service:
          type: LoadBalancer        
        route:
          enabled: false
----

. Create the required namespaces.
You must create one namespace for each Agent that you plan to connect to the Principal. The namespace names must match the Agent names. Run the following commands:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create namespace agent-managed

> $ oc create namespace agent-autonomous

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ oc create namespace agent-managed --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"
$ oc create namespace agent-autonomous --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, better to provide context instead of assuming that at the time f principal setup default context would be principal only.

Author: Fixed.

----
+
Each Agent requires a dedicated namespace because Argo CD Agent architecture uses a *namespace-to-agent* mapping model.  
For managed Agents, the Principal sends applications only to those created in the corresponding Agent namespace on the hub cluster. Similarly, for autonomous Agents, applications are created in the respective Agent namespace at the hub.

> . Ensure that the `AppProject` resource used for your Argo CD Applications on the hub includes all Agent namespaces under the `spec.sourceNamespaces` field, for example:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Ensure that the `AppProject` resource used for your Argo CD Applications on the hub includes all Agent namespaces under the `.spec.sourceNamespaces` field, for example:
```

Author: Fixed.

====

.. Initialize the PKI

... To initialize the Certificate Authority (CA) that signs other certificates, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ argocd-agentctl pki init \
--principal-namespace "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" \
--principal-context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"
----
+
where:

`<principal-namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace where the Principal component is installed.
`<principal-context>`:: Specifies the context of the Principal component.
+
This command generates a self-signed CA certificate and private key, and creates the `argocd-agent-ca` secret that contains the CA credentials. The CA is valid for signing certificates and includes a default expiration period.

... To generate the server certificate for the Principal's gRPC service, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ argocd-agentctl pki issue principal \
    --principal-namespace "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" \
    --principal-context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>" \
    --dns "<PRINCIPAL_DNS_NAME>"
----
+
where:

`<ip>`:: Specifies the comma-separated list of IP addresses where the Principal component is accessible.

> `<dns>`:: Specifies the hostname of the Principal service. Agents use this value to connect to the Principal's gRPC service. This should match the `spec.host` value of the Principal's route, or `status.loadBalancer.ingress.hostname` when the Principal service is of type `LoadBalancer`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`<dns>`:: Specifies the hostname of the Principal service. Agents use this value to connect to the Principal's gRPC service. This should match the `.spec.host` value of the Principal's route, or `status.loadBalancer.ingress.hostname` when the Principal service is of type `LoadBalancer`.
```

`<u>`, `<upsert>`:: Updates the existing certificate if one already exists.
`<principal-namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace where the Principal component is installed.
`<principal-context>`:: Specifies the context of the Principal component.
+
This command issues a TLS certificate for the Principal to enable secure gRPC communication between the Principal and Agent components. It also creates the `argocd-agent-principal-tls` secret that contains the generated certificate and key.

... The resource proxy enables Argo CD to access live resources on remote clusters through the Principal component. It requires its own certificate for mutual TLS (mTLS) authentication. To generate the server certificate for the resource proxy service, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ argocd-agentctl pki issue resource-proxy \
    --principal-namespace "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" \
    --principal-context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>" \
    --dns "<RESOURCE_PROXY_DNS>"
----
+
where:

`<ip>`:: Specifies the comma-separated list of IP addresses for the resource proxy that are reachable by the Argo CD API server.

> `<dns>`:: Specifies the service name for the `resource-proxy` in the hub cluster, for example, `(ArgoCD instance name)-agent-principal-resource-proxy`. Argo CD uses this service to connect to the `resource-proxy`. Because the Argo CD and the `resource-proxy` run in the same cluster, Argo CD can connect using the service name directly.

Author: Fixed.

`<u>`, `<upsert>`:: Updates the existing certificate if one already exists.
`<principal-namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace where the Principal component is installed.
`<principal-context>`:: Specifies the context of the Principal component.
+
This command creates the `argocd-agent-resource-proxy-tls` secret that contains the TLS certificate for the resource proxy component. The certificate includes the required Subject Alternative Names (SANs) for the resource proxy service and is signed by the same Certificate Authority (CA) that was created during PKI initialization.

... You can create the JSON Web Token (JWT) signing key that the Principal component uses to sign authentication tokens. To generate the RSA private key, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ argocd-agentctl jwt create-key \
    --principal-namespace "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" \
    --principal-context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"
----
+
where:

`<u>`, `<upsert>`:: Updates the existing JWT key if one already exists.
`<principal-namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace where the Principal component is installed.

> `<principal-context>`:: Specifies the context of the Principal component.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`<principal-namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace where the Principal component is installed.
`<principal-context>`:: Specifies the context of the Principal component.

Additional Options:

`<-u>`, `<--upsert>`:: Updates the existing JWT key if one already exists.
```

+
This command generates a 4096-bit RSA private key in the `PKCS#8 PEM` format and stores it in the `argocd-agent-jwt` secret.

... After you generate all required certificates and keys, verify that the corresponding secrets are created in the Principal namespace by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get secrets -n "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>" | grep agent
----
+
As a result, the following output is displayed:
+
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                               TYPE
argocd-agent-ca                    kubernetes.io/tls
argocd-agent-principal-tls         kubernetes.io/tls
argocd-agent-resource-proxy-tls    kubernetes.io/tls
argocd-agent-jwt                   Opaque
----

> ... Run the following command to verify that all the required secrets are created before deploying the Principal component.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
... Run the following command to verify that the principal component is now successfully started.
```

----
+
As a result, the following output is displayed:
+
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                               READY  STATUS 
openshift-gitops-agent-principal-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx   1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-redis-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx             1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-repo-server-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx       1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-server-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx            1/1    Running
----

. Principal component starts successfully when all the required secrets are created. After the required secrets are created, verify that the Principal component is enabled by running the following command.
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get pod -n "<PRINCIPAL_NAMESPACE>" --context "<PRINCIPAL_CONTEXT>"
----
+
As a result, the following output is displayed:
+
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                               READY  STATUS 
openshift-gitops-agent-principal-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx   1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-redis-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx             1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-repo-server-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx       1/1    Running
openshift-gitops-server-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx            1/1    Running

> ----

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed.

+
where:

`<principal-namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace where the Principal component is installed.
`<principal-context>`:: Specifies the context of the Principal component.
`<dns>`:: Specifies the hostname of the Principal service. Agents use this value to connect to the Principal's gRPC service. This should match the `.spec.host` value of the Principal's route, or `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.hostname` when the Principal service is of type `LoadBalancer`.
+

> **Additional options:**

Author: Fixed.
